Added answer what is ssh port forwarding (#10233)
bregman-arie/devops-exercises: topics/linux/README.md

<details>
<summary>What is SSH port forwarding?</summary><br><b>

>   SSH port forwarding is a method of sending data over an encrypted SSH connection.SSH port forwarding allow connections made to a local port to be forwarded to a remote machine via secure channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  SSH port forwarding is a method of sending data over an encrypted SSH connection. SSH port forwarding allows connections made to a local port to be forwarded to a remote machine via the secure channel.
```
